The world stands on the edge of war. It has always stood on the edge of war. If we're being honest, "edge of war" is only likely true for certain, wealthy and powerful areas. "At war" is more accurate for most of the world, but you don't happen to be from those parts. You're from the parts where you stand on a precipice, looking at the war lurking in the abyss and doing everything you can to pretend you aren't already halfway down, dangling by the thinnest of threads.

This war threatens to be between [[Askyya]] and [[Nerovgard]]. Each has the technology to annihilate the other. Neither has ever used it, though there have been so many close calls that many believe the gods must be back from wherever they've been hiding, as it's the only plausible reason anyone can think of for why you're all still here. Why Askyya and Nerovgard are threatening war, no one's really sure. Someone said something to someone at some point, and now you're here, watching children do bunker drills, seeing recruitment posters on every corner, and praying to gods who may or may not ever actually be listening that when the day comes, it won't be you caught in that conflagration. The mobilisation alarm has been sounded. You've been told to prepare for war.

Except all hope is not lost. Diplomatic envoys from some of the backwater nothing nations have already come to intervene, scurrying back and forth between the Askyyan capital of Langtsi and the Nerovgardian capital of Jansted, working to maintain the peace. They offer condolences, placations, promises, and bribes, whatever it takes to prevent the great superweapons from coming to life. Some might look at this as selfless on their part, since it isn't their war. Others know they'd probably burn too. Selfish or selfless, though, there's no denying that their actions are working. It's been three weeks since the alarms, and no one has died yet. You're all still here. No soldiers' boots, no gunfire, no fire in the sky.